---
layout: cv
title: CV
permalink: /cv/
---

# Bryan S. Graham
Professor of Economics, University of California - Berkeley  
[academic webpage](http://bryangraham.github.io/econometrics/), <bgraham@econ.berkeley.edu>

## Current Position(s)
 `2017 - present` Professor, Department of Economics, University of California – Berkeley.     

## Past Positions
`Fall 2022` María de Maeztu Visiting Professor, CEMFI, Madrid, Spain.       
`Spring 2021` Visiting Professor, Department of Economics, Harvard University.      
`2011 - 2017` Associate Professor (w/ tenure), Department of Economics, University of California – Berkeley.    
`2009 - 2011` Assistant Professor, Department of Economics, New York University.    
`2005 - 2011` Assistant Professor, Department of Economics, University of California – Berkeley (on leave 2009 - 2011).

## Education

`2000 - 2005` __Harvard University, M.A. & Ph.D. in Economics__  
- MacArthur Network on Social Interactions and Economic Inequality Fellow  
- Harvard University Program on Justice, Welfare and Economics Fellow  
- National Science Foundation Graduate Fellow  

`1998 – 2000` __Oxford University, St. Antony’s College, M.Phil. in Economics__  
- Rhodes Scholar  

`1997 - 1998` __Australian National University, Visiting Graduate Student__  
- Fulbright Scholar  

`1993 - 1997` __Tufts University, B.A. in Quantitative Economics__  
- Summa Cum Laude, Phi Beta Kappa     

## Grants, fellowships, and awards
`2019 - 2021` National Science Foundation (SES #1851647) grant: “Semiparametric methods of policy analysis with social and economic network data” (PI) (272K)  
`2015 - 2019` National Science Foundation (SES #1357499) grant: “Econometric models for networks and matching with heterogeneous agents” (PI) (325K)  
`2009 – 2012` National Science Foundation (SES #0921928) grant: “Collaborative research: identification, estimation and application of semiparametric panel data models” (PI) (365K)  
`2008 – 2009` National Science Foundation (SES #0820361) grant: “Collaborative research: the econometrics of reallocations in the presence of complementarity and social spillovers: estimands, identification and estimation” (PI) (212K)  
`2005 – 2008, 2014` Committee on Research (COR), UC – Berkeley, Faculty Research Grants (multiple awards) (30K)  
`2006 – 2007` Center for Health Research (CHR), UC – Berkeley, New Faculty Grant (5K)  
`2005` Review of Economics Studies Tour  
`2004 – 2005` MacArthur Network on Social Interactions and Economic Inequality Fellowship  
`2003 – 2004` Harvard University Program on Justice, Welfare and Economics Fellowship  
`2000 – 2003` National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship  
`1998 – 2000` Rhodes Scholarship  
`1997 – 1998` Fulbright Scholarship  
`1997` Daniel Ounjian Prize  
Lewis F. Manly Memorial Prize  
Phi Beta Kappa    

## Publications
`Citation analysis:` [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ff5UvfQAAAAJ&hl=en), [ResearcherID](http://www.researcherid.com/rid/H-4515-2011), [Scopus](http://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=8221099400)

### Articles
`2024`  “Sparse network asymptotics for logistic regression under possible misspecification,” conditionally accepted by _Econometrica_.     

`2023` "Identification in a binary choice panel data model with a predetermined covariate,” _SERIEs: Journal of the Spanish Economic Association_ 14 (3-4): 315 - 351 (with Stephane Bonhomme and Kevin Dano).     

"Foreward from the editors" for "Identification in dynamic binary choice models" by Gary Chamberlain in _SERIEs: Journal of the Spanish Economic Association_ 14 (3-4): 247 - 251 (with Stephane Bonhomme and Laura Hospido).    

“Teacher-to-classroom assignment and student achievement,” _Journal of Business and Economic Statistics_ 41 (4): 1328 - 1340 (with Geert Ridder, Petra Thiemann and Gema Zamarro).    
  
`2022` “Kernel density estimation for undirected dyadic data,” accepted by the _Journal of Econometrics_ (with Fengshi Niu and James L. Powell).    

“Introduction to the Annals Issue in Honor of Gary Chamberlain,”  _Journal of Econometrics_ 226 (1): 1 - 3 (with Keisuke Hirano).      

“Semiparametrically efficient estimation of the average linear regression function,” _Journal of Econometrics_ 226 (1): 115 - 138 (with Cristine Pinto).         

`2021` "ET Interview: Professor Gary Chamberlain," _Econometric Theory_: 1 - 26 (with Keisuke Hirano and Guido W. Imbens).    
 
`2020` "Identification and efficiency bounds for the average match function under conditionally exogenous matching,” _Journal of Business and Economic Statistics_ 38 (2): 303 - 316 (with Guido W. Imbens and Geert Ridder).    
    
“Network data,” _Handbook of Econometrics_ 7A: 111 - 218 (S. Durlauf, L. Hansen, J. Heckman & R. Matzkin, Eds.) Amsterdam: North-Holland.   

"Introduction," _The Econometric Analysis of Network Data_: 1 – 22 (B. Graham & A. de Paula, Eds.). Amsterdam: Academic Press (with Aureo de Paula).    

"Dyadic regression," _The Econometric Analysis of Network Data_: 23 - 40 (B. Graham & A. de Paula, Eds.). Amsterdam: Academic Press.    

"Testing for externalities in network formation using simulation," _The Econometric Analysis of Network Data_: 63 - 82 (B. Graham & A. de Paula, Eds.) Amsterdam: Academic Press (with Andrin Pelican).    

`2018` "Identifying and estimating neighborhood effects," _Journal of Economic Literature_ 56 (2) 450 - 500.
    
“A quantile correlated random coefficients panel data model,” _Journal of Econometrics_ 206 (2): 305 - 335 (with Jinyong Hahn, Alex Poirier and Jim Powell).      

`2017` “An econometric model of network formation with degree heterogeneity," _Econometrica_ 85 (4): 1033 - 1063 (_Lead article_).

`2016` “Efficient estimation of data combination models by the method of auxiliary-to-study tilting (AST),” _Journal of Business and Economic Statistics_ 34 (2): 288 - 301 (with Cristine Pinto and Daniel Egel).

`2015` “Methods of identification in social networks,” _Annual Review of Economics_ 7 (1): 465 - 485.

`2014` “Complementarity and aggregate implications of assortative matching: a nonparametric analysis,” _Quantitative Economics_ 5 (1): 29 – 66 (with Guido Imbens and Geert Ridder).

`2013` “Comparative static and computational methods for an empirical one-to-one transferable utility matching model,” _Advances in Econometrics_ 31: 151 – 179.

"Comment on \`Social networks and the identification of peer effects\' by Paul Goldsmith-Pinkham and Guido W. Imbens," _Journal of Business and Economic Statistics_ 31 (3): 266 – 270.

`2012` “Identification and estimation of average partial effects in \`irregular\' correlated random coefficient panel data models,” _Econometrica_ 80 (5): 2105 – 2152 (with James Powell).

“Inverse probability tilting for moment condition models with missing data,” _Review of Economic Studies_ 79 (3): 1053 – 1079 (with Cristine Pinto & Daniel Egel).

`2011` “Robustness to parametric assumptions in missing data models,” _American Economic Review: Papers & Proceedings_ 101 (3): 538 - 543 (with Keisuke Hirano). 

“Efficiency bounds for missing data models with semiparametric restrictions,” _Econometrica_ 79 (2): 437 – 452.

“Econometric methods for the analysis of assignment problems in the presence of complementarity and social spillovers,” _Handbook of Social Economics_ 1B: 965 – 1052 (J. Benhabib, M. O. Jacksons & A. Bisin, Eds.). Amsterdam: North-Holland.

`2009` “The incidental parameter problem in a non-differentiable panel data model,” _Economics Letters_ 105 (2): 181 – 182 (with Jinyong Hahn and James Powell).

`2008` “Identifying social interactions through conditional variance restrictions,” _Econometrica_ 76 (3): 643 – 660.

`2006` “Rich nations, poor nations: how much can multiple equilibria explain?” _Journal of Economic Growth_ 11 (1): 5 – 41 (with Jonathan R.W. Temple) (_Lead article_).    

`2005` “Identification and estimation of the linear-in-means model of social interactions,” _Economics Letters_ 88 (1): 1 – 6 (with Jinyong Hahn) (_Lead article_).    

`2003` “Longevity and life cycle savings,” _Scandinavian Journal of Economics_ 105 (3): 319 – 338 (with David E. Bloom and David Canning).

`1998` “Economic Growth in Papua New Guinea: Some Empirical Evidence,” _Pacific Economic Bulletin_ 13 (2): 158 – 165.

### Books & Reports

`2020` _The Econometric Analysis of Network Data_. Amsterdam: Academic Press, 2020 (co-edited with Aureo de Paula).
 
`2013` _Mobility and the Metropolis: The Relationship between Inequality in Urban Communities and Economic Mobility._ Washington D.C.: Pew Charitable Trusts (with Patrick Sharkey).

`1998` _Exchange Rate Policy in Papua New Guinea._ Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea: Institute of National Affairs, 1998. (with Ronald Duncan and others).

### Completed working papers          
`2023` “Scenario Sampling for Large Supermodular Games,” (with Andrin Pelican).    

`2021` “Minimax risk and uniform convergence rates for nonparametric dyadic regression,” revision requested by _Econometric Theory_ (with Fengshi Niu and James L. Powell).    
  
`2020` “An optimal test for strategic interaction in social and economic network formation between heterogeneous agents,” second revision requested by the _Review of Economic Studies_ (with Andrin Pelican).    

`2016` “Homophily and transitivity in dynamic network formation,” revision requested by the _Review of Economic Studies_.  

`2010` “Measuring the effects of segregation in the presence of social spillovers: a nonparametric approach,” revision requested by the _Journal of Econometrics_ (with Guido Imbens and Geert Ridder).     

### Inactive manuscripts
`2011` “Inverse probability tilting estimation of average treatment effects in Stata,” conditionally accepted by
_The Stata Journal_ (with Cristine Pinto and Daniel Egel).

`2008` “Endogenous neighborhood selection, the distribution of income, and the identification of neighborhood effects”.

`2007` “Redistributive effects for discretely-valued inputs,” (with Guido W. Imbens and Geert Ridder).

`2005` “Small sample properties of GMM and GEL estimation and inference procedures for social interaction models”.

## Selected invited talks & lectures (including scheduled)
`2024` Distinguished Visitor, School of Management and Economics at Chinese University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen.   
`2023` Invited “Micro-Econometrics” session of the European Summer Meetings of the Econometric Society   
Invited Speaker, Workshop on Statistical Network Analysis and Beyond, Anchorage, AK.       
`2022` Keynote Speaker, Urban Economics Association Meeting, London, England          
Distinguished Visitor in Econometrics, Boston University         
Keynote Speaker,  PhD Day at the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland          
`2021` Invited Lecture, DC-MD-VA Econometrics Workshop (virtual)        
`2020` Invited Lecture, Workshop on Peer Effects, Institute for Economic and Social Research, Jinan University, Guangzhou, China (virtual)       
Invited Speaker, Chamberlain Seminar (virtual)         
`2019` Plenary Lecture, International Association of Applied Econometrics (IAAE) Annual Conference, Nicosia, Cyprus    
`2018` Invited “Microeconometrics” session of the Latin American Meetings of the Econometric Society, Guayaquil, Ecuador    
Invited Masterclass, Warwick University, England        
Invited Masterclass, Haindorf Seminar, Hejnice, Czech Republic   
`2017` Visiting Faculty (short term), Cowles Foundation, Yale University    
Invited lecture, Cowles Summer Conference on Networks, Yale University    
`2016` Keynote Speaker, Belgian Network Research Forum (BeNet)  
Invited lecture, U.K. Econometrics Study Group, University of Bristol  
`2015` Yale Institute of Network Science Distinguished Lecture  
Invited lecture, Cornell / Penn State Conference on Econometrics and IO, Cornell University  
`2014` Keynote Speaker, Seattle-Vancouver Econometrics Conference, University of Washington  
`2012` Invited “Social Interactions” session of the European Summer Meetings of the Econometric Society, University of Málaga  

## Teaching
`Undergraduate` Econometrics, Applied Econometrics  
`Graduate` 1st & 2nd year Econometrics, Applied Econometrics  

## Short courses
`2024` “Econometric Methods for Social Spillovers and Networks,” University of St. Gallen, Switzerland  
“An Introduction to the Econometrics of Networks,” CUHK-Shenzhen                 
`2022` “Econometric Methods for Social Spillovers and Networks,” University of St. Gallen, Switzerland    
 “An Introduction to the Econometrics of Networks,” CEMFI, Spain                
`2020` “Econometric Methods for Social Spillovers and Networks,” University of St. Gallen, Switzerland   
`2019` "Network Data," Center for Economics and Microdata Practice (CEMP), Jinan University, Guangzhou, China    
“Peer Effects and Social Interactions,” Mannheim and Bonn University Summer School, Kurhaus Trifels, Germany    
“Methods of estimation and inference for network models with applications,” Charles University, Prague, Czech Republic    
`2018` “Econometric Methods for Social Spillovers and Networks,” University of St. Gallen, Switzerland    
`2017` “Econometric Analysis of Network Data,” Department of Economics, University of Oslo, Norway    
“Econometric Analysis of Network Data,” School of Economics, Singapore Management University, Singapore    
“Econometric Analysis of Network Data,” Georgetown Center for Econometric Practice (GCEP) Masterclass, Georgetown University   
`2016` “Econometric Methods for Networks,” Center for Operations Research and Econometrics (CORE), Belgium    
“Econometric Methods for Social Spillovers and Networks,” University of St. Gallen, Switzerland  
`2015` “Empirical Methods for Program Evaluation and Networks,” CEMFI Summer School, Spain  
`2014` “Econometric Methods for the Analysis of Social Interactions and Networks,” CEMFI, Madrid  
	
## Service to the profession

### On campus
`Department` Undergraduate, graduate, personnel committees. Equity advisor (2009 - 2018, 2023 - Present).  
`Campus-wide` Faculty advisory committee for UC Martial Arts Program.     
Faculty Athletics Council (FACL, Chair), Student-Athlete Admissions Committee (SAAC), Committee on Courses & Instruction (COCI), Undergraduate Council (UGC)  

### Editorial positions
`2019 - 2021` Guest Co-Editor, special issue of the _Journal of Econometrics_ in honor of Gary Chamberlain  
`2018 - 2020` NSF Review Panel for Economics Program        
`2014 - 2019` Co-Editor, _Review of Economics and Statistics_  
`2013 - 2015` Foreign Editor, _Review of Economics Studies_  
`2013` Associate Editor, _Econometrics Journal_  
`2011 - 2013` Associate Editor, _Journal of Business and Economic Statistics_  
Board of Editors, _Journal of Economic Literature_  

### Conferences
`2024` Organizer, CAMSE/CLIMB Mini-Conference    
Program Committee 2025 World Congress of the Econometric Society 
Co-Organizer Cowles Summer Conference on Econometrics      
`2023` Organizer, Legends of Evans Hall Jamboree 
`2022` Co-Organizer, Conference in Honor of James L. Powell    
`2021` Organizer, 4th Berkeley-Stanford Econometrics Jamboree      
`2020` Program committee member, World Congress of the Econometric    Society  
`2019` Organizer, 3rd Berkeley-Stanford Econometrics Jamboree     
`2018` Organizer, 2nd Berkeley-Stanford Econometrics Jamboree    
Co-Organizer, Conference in Honor of Gary Chamberlain    
Program committee member, North American Summer Meetings of the Econometric Society    
`2017` Organizer, 1st Berkeley-Stanford Econometrics Jamboree      
`2016` Co-Organizer, Berkeley/CEMMAP Conference on Networks  
`2012` Program committee member, North American Summer Meetings of the Econometric Society  
`2008` Co-Organizer, California Econometrics Conference  

### Research affiliations
`2019 - present` International Fellow, Center for Economics and Microdata Practice (CEMP), Jinan University    
`2016 - present` Research Fellow, Center for Evaluation and Development, University of Mannheim  
`2015 - 2018` Associate Fellow, USC Dornsife INET  
`2012 - present` Member, Human Capital and Economic Opportunity Working Group, INET  
`2006 - present` Faculty Research Fellow (Labor Studies), National Bureau of Economic Research  
Research Affiliate, Bureau for Research and Economic Analysis of Development  
`2009 – 2011` Visiting Professor of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of New York (short visits)  
`2006 – 2011` Research Affiliate (Development Economics), Centre for Economic Policy Research 

### Miscellaneous & Curios
`2024` Track and Field Coach, Longfellow Middle School     
`2023` Track and Field Coach, Longfellow Middle School    
Cross Country Coach, Longfellow Middle School      	      
`2022` Track and Field Coach, Longfellow Middle School     
`2021` 7th Place, USATF Pacific Cross Country Grand Prix       
Cross Country Coach, Longfellow Middle School    
`2019` All-Pacific Association USATF Team (Mens' Masters Cross Country)    
3rd Place, USATF Pacific Cross Country Grand Prix       
`2018` [George Stevens Academy](https://www.georgestevensacademy.org/) Athletics Hall of Fame, Inaugural Induction Class    
`1997` Eastern Collegiate Athletic Conference Men's 3000m Indoor Track Champion    
`1993` Maine State Class B Boy's 2 mile Indoor Track Champion 

Last updated: January 2024 -->


